How to Make Pasta:
bring a large pot of water to a boil
add salt to the boiling water
add pasta to water
cook until al dante
strain pasta
add to bowl
pasta is made
=======
=======
Zak's scrambled eggs breakfast:

Requirements:
3 eggs fresh
Breakfast sausages
Whisk tool
2 pans
Olive oil
half and half
Salt and pepper
A little bit of cheese (preferably mozzarella)

1) Oil up (no diddy) both pans using olive oil (we're tryna be healthy here)
2) Add the breakfast sausages to one pan and periodically flip them
3) Add the eggs to the other pan
4) Add some salt and pepper
5) Add a splash of half and half
6) whisk the eggs
7) Let 'em cook!

Thomas Sydnor's recipe 
AirFry chicken:
1. First POUND that chicken breast 
2. cut and clean it and add it to a bowl
3. Add olive oil to the chicken and massage it in 
4. Add salt, pepper, garlic & onion powder, last a shit tone of cajun seasoning 
5. Massage it in realllllllllllllllllll good
6. spray oil in airfryer
7. Throw chicken in there at 390F for 8 mintues and flip halfway through
OR
1. A tub of Oikos greek yogurt pro

How to make Callah Bread French Toast 

Ingredients of delicious food :)

1. 2cups whole milk
2. ½cup heavy cream or half-and-half (or use more milk)
3. 4large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks
4. 2teaspoons vanilla extract
5. ½teaspoon finely grated lemon zest (optional)
6.¾teaspoon ground cardamom
7. Pinch of salt
8. 1loaf challah bread (about 1 pound), cut into 1¼-inch slices
9. 4 to 6tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed
10. ¼cup granulated sugar
11. ½teaspoon ground cinnamon

How to make it great!
Step 1
In a large bowl, whisk together milk, cream, eggs and egg yolks, vanilla, lemon zest (if using), ½ teaspoon cardamom and salt.

Step 2
Arrange challah slices in an even layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Pour custard on top, and let sit at room temperature, uncovered, for 30 minutes, so the bread can absorb the custard, carefully flipping bread slices halfway through.

Step 3
In a medium bowl, whisk together sugar, cinnamon and remaining ¼ teaspoon cardamom. Set aside.

Step 4
Heat a large nonstick or cast-iron skillet over medium, then add 2 tablespoons butter and let it melt. Place 2 to 3 pieces soaked challah in skillet, making sure to not crowd the pan. Cook until golden on bottom, 4 to 5 minutes.

Step 5
Sprinkle a little of the cinnamon-sugar mixture on top of each slice, then flip and cook until bottom is glazed and browned, another 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to serving plates, glazed-side up. Repeat with remaining butter, challah and cinnamon sugar. Serve warm, with your choice of toppings.

Grace's Avacado Toast 
1. Get 2 pieces of sourdough bread 
2. Pop those into the toaster over 
3. Slice one ripe avocado in half, taking the seed in the middle out
4. Scoop avocado out with a spoon
5. Take bread out of the toaster
6. Place avocado onto of the bread, and smash it with a fork 
7. Chop up some tomatos, put them on top
8. Add burrata on top (my fav) or a cheese of your choice 
9. Springle everyhthing but the seasoning sauce on top
10. Drizzle balasmic glaze 
11. Enjoy the best avocado toast of ur life yummm 

Matisohn's PB&J
How to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich

Obtain ingredients: two plastic knifes, white bread, peanut butter, jelly
First obtain 2 slices of bread
Open the jars of peanut butter and jelly
Then use a knife and scoop an even amount of jelly and peanut butter
Then add to one side of the bread
Combine the two pieces of bread together
Then you have one PB&J